I need an apology letter. Can I borrow your birth certificate?
You're about as useful as a snowshovel in Hawaii.
Did you know sharks only kill 5 people each year? Looks like you got some competition.
Legend has it that the number 0 was first invented after scientists calculated your chance of doing something useful.
I'd tell you to go play in traffic, but you'd probably suck at that too.
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have 5 fingers, the 3rd ones for you.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
You're the reason they invented double doors!
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you never use it.
You bring everyone a lot of joy, when you leave the room.
What's the difference between you and eggs? Eggs get laid and you don't.
If you are going to be two faced, at least make one of them pretty.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
I'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you!
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
You're so ugly, when you popped out the doctor said "Aww what a treasure" and your mom said "Yeah, lets bury it."
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit out a smarter statement than that.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
There's only one problem with your face, I can see it.
You shouldn't play hide and seek, no one would look for you.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
At least when I do a handstand my stomach doesn't hit me in the face.
You're so ugly you scare the shit back into people.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
If you're gonna be a smartass, first you have to be smart. Otherwise you're just an ass.
Hey, you have something on your chin... no, the 3rd one down
Somewhere out there is a tree, tirelessly producing oxygen so you can breathe. I think you owe it an apology.
I don't exactly hate you, but if you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
You're so fat the only letters of the alphabet you know are KFC.
Maybe if you ate some of that makeup you could be pretty on the inside.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Maybe if we start telling people the brain is an app they will start using it.
What are you going to do for a face when the baboon wants his butt back?
I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain this to you.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
There are more calories in your stomach than in the local supermarket!
Oh my God, look at you. Was anyone else hurt in the accident?
How many times do I have to flush to get rid of you?
Well I could agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
You're not funny, but your life, now that's a joke.
I may love to shop but I'm not buying your bullshit.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable -- like a coma.
I'd slap you, but I don't want shit stains.
You're so ugly, when you threw a boomerang it didn't come back.
Do you still love nature, despite what it did to you?
You're so fat, when you wear a yellow rain coat people scream "taxi".
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
If I were to slap you, it would be considered animal abuse!
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
The last time I saw a face like yours I fed it a banana.
I'd like to kick you in the teeth, but that would be an improvement!
You're so fat you need cheat codes to play Wii Fit
Why don't you check eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
What are you doing here? Did someone leave your cage open?
If I gave you a penny for your thoughts, I'd get change.
You have two brains cells, one is lost and the other is out looking for it.
I'll never forget the first time we met, although I'll keep trying.
